G+me for Google+
================

This is a Google Chrome browser extension that enhances the Google+ web app
to unlock the potential of its real-time updates and make it much easier to
process a large stream of incoming posts and comments.

- Install at the [Chrome Web Store](http://goo.gl/jlY8E).
- Follow me on [Google+](http://goo.gl/UmSoR) and [Twitter](http://twitter.com/huyplus).
- Web page for [G+me](http://huyz.us/google-plus-me/).
- Give feedback in [discussion at Google+](http://goo.gl/VwkwX).


Screenshots
-----------

### Enhanced stream in expanded mode: ###

![Stream
screenshot](google-plus-me/raw/master/screenshots/screenshot-gpme-expanded-fullsize.png)

### Collapsed comments ###

![Stream
screenshot](google-plus-me/raw/master/screenshots/screenshot-gpme-collapsed-comments-fullsize.png)

### Enhanced stream in list mode: ###

![Stream
screenshot](google-plus-me/raw/master/screenshots/screenshot-gpme-stream-fullsize.png)

### Mouse-over preview in list mode: ###

![Stream
screenshot](google-plus-me/raw/master/screenshots/screenshot-gpme-preview.png)

### Notification status badge: ###

![Options
screenshot](google-plus-me/raw/master/screenshots/screenshot-gpme-browser-icon-unexpanded.png)

### Multiple display options: ###

![Options
screenshot](google-plus-me/raw/master/screenshots/screenshot-gpme-options.png)

Features
--------
 *  **Notification status visible at all times**.  You no longer have to scroll
    the page to the top and you don't have to keep going back to the browser
    tab with Google+.  You will always know when you get new notifications
    because the browser button is always visible with a badge.
 *  **Collapsible comments**. Thanks to a side bar always within view, it's quick
    and easy to hide hundreds of comments from anywhere in the discussion.
 *  **Collapsible posts**.  You can hide and unhide a post without muting it.
    This is great if you're not really interested in seeing a post and all its
    comments right now, but you still want to get back to it at a later time.
    The downside of muting a post is that you will never see it again and
    you stop getting any notifications of responses to any comments you may
    have made on that post.
 *  **Mark comments as read**. Collapsing posts/comments automatically
    keeps track of the comments you've seen; the extension remembers.
 *  **Real-time comment count on collapsed items**.  Whether you like to collapse
    comments or posts, you won't miss any incoming comments.  The extension shows you
    the total number of seen or unseen comments, updated live.
 *  **List-mode option keeps at most one post displayed**.  Combined with
    real-time comments, this turns the stream into a dashboard: in one
    screenful you can see activity on many posts at once and jump back and
    forth between multiple active comment streams. This will greatly benefit
    those who follow popular people who post a lot and/or get a lot of comments.
 *  **Mouse-over instant preview**.  In list mode, hover the mouse over a
    collapsed post to get a preview of the content at the side.  The preview is fully
    functional.

Known Issues
------------
 *  Does not play well with the 'j' and 'k' keyboard shortcuts, which scroll
    the page.
 *  Sometimes the comment counts look odd. You can get zero or negative counts
    for new comments because people delete their comments -- that's normal. But
    Google+ doesn't give us comments consistently.


Caltech License
---------------

Copyright (C) 2011 Huy Z

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
